The Joe Rogan experience. I mean, there's, it's horrific. This is,
they set up this reservation and everybody got syphilis.
Everybody everybody's banging everybody and they all got syphilis and people
hair's falling out the ulcers all over their body.
People are going crazy and dying.
Now. What if, what if all that, uh,
all the Indians had syphilis were like jealous white.
No, not the Indians. Everybody that's soldiers had syphilis. Everyone does.
This is what I'm saying.
It's got syphilis. You don't want to them. Meanwhile,
the white chicks wanted to the Indians are like, let's go.
Then it's the loony left right now?
All of the top of the loony up the top of the loony left the top of them.
They're all going to go down for some. It's not just a hunter Biden.
It's not just hunter abiding.
Polosi they want.
World war as they want. You know what happened? Remember, remember nine 11,
the day before nine 11,
Donald Rumsfeld makes an announcement that the Pentagon is missing $2.3
trillion. Guess what? That was going to be a lot of investigations going on.
People were going to go down for that, but guess what? Nine 11 happens.
And no one brings it up. So if we have a world war right now, uh,
those people won't go to prison. What would you rather go?
Are you ready to go to prison or world war being famous was the greatest thing
ever and now being famous. It's not so great. It's like, you're just a target.
You know? It's like, it depends.
You still, you have a voice. The thing is, if you can take the heat,
I'm talking about, I'm talking.
About being like a famous actor or, or a rock star you're at target. I mean,
look at the news these days, look at the news. Look what they're saying,
but who's watching that over and over and over
the wrong about everything over and over three years of Trump's a
Russian agent.
They gave Trump the Russian they gave that's the worst thing you could give a
politician. He's a Russian agent. You can get killed flat.
They gave him the worst. They gave him, uh, Russia, racism,
rape. They gave him all that stuck. They can nothing stuck,
but if they could do that to the president, they can have that.
Even if all hate. Trump, think about this. If Trump didn't win,
the person that would be president right now would have a body count.
Think about that. You'd rather have a person with a body count than Trump,
just because he's arrogant and overconfident and all that.
He's a bad businessman.
A con the economy is better than ever better than ever unemployment,
better than ever. That's what we have a president here for,
to make our country better, more prosperous. And that's what he's doing.
Would you wear a maggot hat?
[inaudible], that'd be like looking over my, if you will. And it says,
make America great. Again. Look how powerful the media is. The,
the media is so powerful that anybody wearing a red hat that says make America
great. Again, it can get parts. So for Colby,
it's the immediate to data. Just people's reactions to those hats. It's
been a cat. All the anti-Trump stuff comes from the media.
What we're seeing now is we're seeing clearly now clearly who is
above the law. There are people that can do whatever the they want.
We're singing. I used to be a myth conspiracy theory, but we're seeing it now,
who is above the law with all this has gone on with Epstein and all that.
And we're seeing how the media is backing them up too. How interesting is that?
If that's all just a distraction to like, uh, get people arguing,
make it so obvious that it was it wasn't a suicide. So obvious let's release it,
make it so obvious. Meanwhile,
he's still alive and everyone's trying to figure out how he died and,
and all they care about is that he's dead.
There's virtually a media blackout on it for the longest time,
but they got to talk about something because the longer the mainstream media
doesn't talk about it. The more obvious it looks and it's waking everybody up,
you know, how many people who are super anti conspiracy,
theorists are all into Epstein. Now it's like when nine 11 happened,
that woke up a lot of people, nine 11 woke people up. A lot of people say, well,
it started with nine 11. A lot of going to,
people are gonna say it started with Jeffrey Epstein.
People that hate conspiracy theories are all into a throne.
Michael Shermer I'm so balls deep. And, uh,
there's a guy on YouTube every day. He puts out.
Ali does is he's written books on gangsters and all that. Every day,
he puts out a Epstein video and update and just goes deeper and deeper.
His name is Sean Atwood.
The updated dude will take me two hours to,
to go into it's really all about Ghislaine Maxwell's father.
He was the one who was originally doing what Epstein was doing. Epstein took.
So Epstein started banging just lane. She takes him, she goes, you know what?
You're going to take over the family business.
The family business is it's not just blackmailing the elite.
That's part of it, but the man, a big part of it, dude,
it, her father, he's the one Robert Maxwell. That guy was a dude.
He work. He, I think they're just, I don't know. Oh,
it wasn't a suicide.
The amount of detail option that we're th that's shoved down our throats,
which obvious. Now it's all out in the open.
So any plausible theory you can't laugh at,
you could easily be alive. Why did they need to show 9,000 jumpsuits.
Look at all this. Come on, man. Dude. It's so obvious.
The craziest thing is like, where's the video footage. Oh,
the cameras weren't well, no, no, no. That's the craziest.
Wouldn't you think it would be a good idea to all get together and say, listen,
every now and then some dudes going to,
we're going to have to sacrifice one of you guys and just fake your death.
And you're gonna have to go to one of the islands in Japan or one of the,
they probably have so many spots set up. Wouldn't it be smart.
Go set up some spots.
And in like the Greek islands or somewhere like in off the coast of Norway,
Greenland, Greenland, who knows what's in Greenland.
They can have all these cities for like all these people that like they die,
but you never see their bodies. They give you say, you know,
people used to fake their deaths all the time, back in the thirties and forties.
It's easier to just kill Epstein.
Wazer you don't think he has a kill switch.
We know it's tight with the RA family, a trap house to trap house. Try this,
try some of this. Oh, this.
Abstain Epstein was tied with the Royal family, uh, Jimmy Savile as well.
So I mean, yeah, absolutely.
See the thing what's going on now is the biggest phenomenon that's going on
right now is with the internet.
The internet is like a backfiring and it's boomerang.
And back at the people, it wasn't, the internet was intended to control us and,
uh, surveil us. And now what's happening. The internet.
Was intended for scientists to share information at universities.
It was in the university. Why they invented there.
Were, it was all funded by the CIA. It was all the way to keep it.
It's always about the new world order.
It's always about the easiest way to control us.
We can go on for five hours with this.
It's almost like the CIA was created as a scapegoat.
Like all cause the CIA ain't going to jail. Where w how do you put CIA in jail?
You can't. And then the directors that are only there temporarily,
and they're in out, everyone goes through it, but it's a read.
Like if you find out some evil, going on, CIA, did it see,
I ain't going to jail for sure. I I'm, uh, in my heart, I'm a hundred. I,
I believe it, a hundred percent that there is some stuff in the Bible.
That's the real. There is the, it comes from the real.
They got a stored it and translate and all that. But the real, like,
like it's a manual on how to live your life. Right. You know what I mean?
These are rules. Like maybe God is the idea.
Maybe God is the in Jesus is the frequency you want to get in that frequency of
life. Don't deceive anybody. Don't totally each other up.
Then you will be in that zone. That's what God is. Like.
Maybe the book is a manual. I believe there's a God because, um,
a couple of things, you know, when, when I did DMT, uh, I went into, I thought,
okay, there's more, there's way more to this reality,
this dimension that I'm seeing for sure. And then the more,
um, the more I get into, uh, you know,
trying to find out what we're on and what, what this is all about.
And then you look at the main mainstream. I think someone created what we're in,
whatever you want, whatever you think this is, it's a simulation.
This is something I don't, I don't believe in simulation. There's no evidence,
but, um, uh, but it could be true. It could be, but there there's.
But you know, that even happened.
Like the, the theory is billions of years ago, out of nothing,
everything exploded. Well, you know, came up with it.
You become religious on me. You know, you know, it came up with it. Hot.
Dude, if you start talking about, Jesus said, no, no, no.
You don't come up with a big bang. You can look this up right now. The big bang,
at least from the Vatican, a priest came up with that.
There was a theorist sign.
Scientists. Nope. A priest. Are you sure?
A million percent, when you look at the history of the Vatican,
when you look at the history,
Constantine decided to convert to Christianity because the people were leaving.
The people were like, that. So this is mainstream history constantly.
And God's okay. I'm no longer pagan slash Luciferian.
I'm no longer inching Babylonian where we like Christ too.
We're going to do Christ. We're going to do what we got. We got our own, we got,
this is mainstream. We're going to start the Roman Catholic church.
We're going to have a Pope. He talks to Jesus.
That's where we're going to have Cardinals.
They'd talk to Jesus like once a week. And then we have the bishops.
They talk to Jesus like once a month.
And then the priest every now and then all of a sudden they created rockstars
dudes with power. The Pope has power. You talked to dudes every day, Cardinals,
bishops priests. Right? So come on back. We got, we got Jesus for you.
They made Jesus. And just like telling us things we already know,
dang is they were never into Jesus. When you look at the Vatican,
they have a lot of Luciferian. And look at, look at the resurrection,
look at the sculpture of the resurrection, pull that up the sculpture.
And you tell me if that's Jesus, that does not,
that's supposed to be Jesus right there let's go. This is oppose.
It looks like a Slayer album cover.
They have a telescope called Lucifer and sweat. It's.
The biggest, if not the biggest.
Telescope you've gone to you think how crazy is that?
How about it's real? The Vatican has been, uh, is a beautiful place. I love it.
How [inaudible] was born Catholic. I was born Catholic and EV you know,
for the Catholic church, I love the Cardinals. I love the bishops.
I love all of them.
The Vatican has an observatory in Arizona.
[inaudible].
Yeah. Why did they name it? Lucifer. Exactly. Because it's an acronym.
For something, but it just so happens to be lucid for me yesterday.
Oh, really?
They picked the L skipped like four letters that doesn't make any sense.
How do they call that? Exactly. That's crazy. It was a coincidence.
I just hope nothing happens with the side. Ranch.
Nothing's going to happen. I mean, we talked about this earlier.
What actually happened is when they bombed, when I ran, like they swore revenge.
They ran with their red flag and they were going to bomb twice.
They bombed and they killed nobody. But in their media,
they reported that they killed 30 Americans.
So it looks like a real retaliation. You see a face, got all about source.
It all comes down. Do we're surrounding around.
Or we got military bases all around, around what are they going to do? Well,
what happened was, is they made a lot of deals while Obama was in office.
And Trump was like reneging and all that. He's like,
who made these stupid deals? So I ran like, you. I thought we had a deal.
I was like. That deal. That deal goes against the United States. So all that.
So that's what's going on. So it, the rumor is the rumor is that the, uh,
the president of Iran wasn't getting along with Sala Maney anyways.
So Trump said, said, let's take them out. I'll do you a favor.
I look like a bad. And then you say, we're going to get revenge.
You bomb a, that has nobody. You spirited.
You claim that there's 30 people. And everybody goes, I can see that.
And then everybody's fine. There was a, an interview.
And they were asking some jujitsu interview, why are you a conspiracy theorist?
And I said, why isn't everybody a conspiracy? There is,
we all know the government lies. And then you believe it.
Official stories doesn't make any sense. There is two sides.
There's two sides of the polar opposite. One is right. One is wrong.
So it's really easy to figure out which one's right and wrong.
You just got to figure out for sure. Who's full of. Let's see. Who's for sure.
Where's it coming from Hillary? Clinton's full of for sure. Uh, CNN is full of,
for sure. So ju uh, uh, uh, uh, Joe Biden full of, for sure.
Adam Schiff full of, for sure. So you know what out of those four people,
they're all saying the exact same thing, and they're all full of.
And who else is saying the exact same thing? CNN, MSNBC. So we already know.
Okay. So by process of elimination, you know, that can't be,
but you sound like crossing right now. What about Tucker Carlson?
There's two sides. You've got to pick one side, pick a side.
One side is it's Tucker Carlson. And once you pick a side size, two sides,
don't let them get out. No, but there's not two sides.
I don't have to go all the way. There's three. There's three, there's three.
There's three types of people. The first one,
first one people that think Hillary good Trump bat, right? The second people,
the second type of person is people who think Trump good, Hillary bad.
And then there's the third type that the, both of them are bad.
There's also some nuance could people must behave corruptly.
Cause it's an economy, but not all of them, not all of them,
because if they were all corrupt, there would be no,
the reason to suicide anybody. That would be no reason to bribe anybody.
There's good people. Well in there. Yeah. If you up,
someone's willing to kill him on the just to avoid. There's always good people.
You just have to figure out which, who are the good people. You know,
I believe Bob has our believes all that. I believe he doesn't believe it's true.
I believe his was set up. They let him talk too much.
Like how are they going to let them do Netflix?
And they're going to come on JRE. If you're on Netflix,
they want the deep state wants you on Netflix. I think he believes it. You know,
just like William Cooper. I think he, he figured out he got set up.
He thought he was being set up into,
he thought they're trying to get us to believe in aliens so they could fake
an alien attack. So that will usher in the new world order.
Because what happens if the aliens attack, we all unite and all the movies,
you see them in the movies like let's call China.
China has got this new thing and the Russia. Yeah. We're all together. Well,
y'all unite. That's the whole purpose of everything. He goes,
they they're setting up a fake alien invasion. That's what they're doing.
Okay.
I really am happy that the comedy scene is
slowly getting braver with jokes.
It seems like it's a weird thing because in the eighties it was, uh,
like the cool thing to be a liberal and I'm Democrat and Republicans.
They just, they're just Christians. They have family values.
They don't want to get high or go to heavy metal concerts, Republicans.
But as you get older and you have kids, and I dunno what happened.
I don't know what happened, but it seems like now the cool kids are Republicans.
Because when I grew up, there were no family values.
And I thought family values as a way to control you.
They're trying to control you with the family values in Christ and the older you
get. You're like, I was a idiot. Of course,
it's all about family. You gotta have values.
A dude with no values is a dude. You can't trust what the. You know what?
Um, I used to think growing up that,
giving into your desires was that your right? It's my right. If I'm horny,
I'm going to. If I want to party, I'm gonna drink.
And these right wing people from Alabama,
they're trying to throw Jesus down my throat and trying to push, you know,
push their family values. And, but I swear now, dude, I'm not Republican.
I'm not claiming Republican at all or anything, but I get it. Now I get it.
Cause I have a kid and there's no way anybody is going to convince
me that because some kid with pink hair,
all looped up on pharmaceuticals, shoots up a mall.
That it makes sense that I give up my guns and I can't protect my family.
Explain that what you're saying is a hundred percent correct.
Everything you're saying is right.
The problem in that would what everything up is people getting
blackmailed and people being compromised.
And those are the people that are making the laws and the Lowe's laws affect
my family.
That's where it gets all up because everything you're saying is right,
but that's not what these people, these certain people, not everybody.
There's a lot of good people in the government. A lot of good people.
And it's amazing. Um, I'm fat. I'm fascinated every day,
finding out who they are and then boom, you group them all together.
Like those are the good guys. Those are the bad guys let's watch.
Then you make your popcorn and you watch the show. Hey,
you know what people tell me, you know like, yo,
that's all you do is study conspiracy theories. And I'm like, no,
on the weekends, dude, on the weekends,
I am blue pill and myself on the weekends,
baseball with my son karate.
We've got watching the Disney cartoons with all the space. And I,
we, I blue pill with the out of them.
I don't try to get my son into conspiracy theories at all.
That's going to be later.
I'm like, I just want it to be later. As later I'll get.
Him when he's like time. But right now he can't handle it. There's no way.
There's no way he doesn't even ask him to. And all his whole life,
every minute is happiness. Just love and happiness.
And we just, we just want to make him every day.
He loves school more than anything. He loves school more than, he loves school.
And then after school, it's all about fun.
And he decides what we're going to do. He calls the shots.
You're going to go to karate. He goes today, we're going to do karate.
And then we're going to cause he's on the baseball team.
And then we're going to go to the batting cages. My boom, that's it.
We go to karate, batting cages. Then I go teach jujitsu.
Then the next day he'll say, daddy, I think we're going to,
I'm going to take a relaxation day. Worked a lot the last couple of days. Well,
let's go get let's order pizza from Dino's in Burbank. Amazing.
And then we'll watch some teenage mutant ninja turtles.
He's all about teenage. He decides my dad,
my dad had 19 kids and I was just one kid with my mom was like a weird offsite.
Like he had a family with five kids and then he got a bunch of other women
pregnant. He was all over the place truck driver. He had 19 kids.
I was one of 19, yet out of eight different checks.
He was banging and he, um, never, I found out I met,
I met a couple of my half brothers and half sisters that were,
were actually part of his real family. And we met one day.
We went to the old spaghetti factory in Hollywood and he told,
they told me all about them. And I didn't know. I thought he had five kids.
He had a family with five kids and my mom was some chick. You know,
he was sitting on the side. That's what I thought.
I didn't know he had a punch others because how would they go? She goes,
how many? My half sister goes, how many? I was half, half sister, half brother.
Because how many kids do you think your dad has? I said, ah, six,
because try 19. I go. He's like Helio, Gracie. Holy.
Real similar thing that he never told any. He never said the words.
I love you to anybody, to his real family. He never said it to me.
Cause I would see him like once a year that the words never came out of his.
I've never told my mom that.
Apparently he's one of those guys that will never say I love you to anybody.
And I'm the opposite dude. I tell my son,
I look them in the eye every day. It's like, you know, who loves you the most?
You know, I'm in the, I love you though.
And I whisper in his ear and my no I'll kill anybody for you.
Don't you ever forget that?
Whoa. Oh, he gets crazy.
With them, but it is important.
The funny thing get now it's a funny thing. Like first he's like, okay dad.
Okay. And now it goes, I'm not going to let you forget daddy. I won't forget.
I call you promise. Cause I won't forget it.
I just want to make sure you don't forget. And he goes, okay. And he goes,
I daddy, I won't forget. I promise. And I hug him every day.
I'm living for him. My that's why I shaved my head. I'm like,
what the am I doing? Washing my hair. Yeah.